What's up, family?  How are you?
We're here today because in the last week,
a YouTube re-upload of this
documentary you're watching on screen has gone viral in both the Spanish and English TikTok communities. This documentary
claims that Jaile Bieber has had an
obsession with Selena Gomez for over a decade
.  I'm going to be
commenting on everything and breaking down a lot of
things in this video, so if you
like and are interested in this type of
content and don't want to miss anything I
do, don't forget to subscribe,
like, share, all that stuff.
But above all, it is mandatory to subscribe
so that I understand that you like it.  In
fact, some media outlets have even reported
, exclusively via
TMZ, that Heiley herself is
considering taking legal action
against the Selena Gomez fans
who are spreading this rumor.  According to
her, creating manipulated narratives with
the sole intention of tarnishing her image.
Spoiler, I think Hillary Bieber is
right.  I think these are very
manipulated narratives and I'm going to explain
why.  What is the basis for this supposed
obsession that
Heiley has had with Selena Gomez for
a decade, according to the documentary?  An obsession that I
personally believe some
fans of the Texas singer have against Hail
7 years after she is married to
Justin Bieber.  7 years in which Justin has been
separated from Selena.  What are they
based on?  Well, it's based on several things,
but mainly on coincidences.
According to this documentary, Hailey is
copying absolutely everything about
Selena.  Photo poses, tattoos,
outfits.  Here on screen, we'll be
showing some of that supposed
evidence, which, well, some things might be
shocking when you look at them
this way, but I also think
most of them are coincidences, and not just
coincidences, but ultimately, they're
trends.  Poses in photography.  Well, we'll
be looking at a few here.  The
truth is that I think posing is
common, not just among
influencers, singers, actors, but
any ordinary person.  Who among
you, when you found a
photograph you liked, hasn't been
inspired, or even copied it
directly?  Well, actually, some
of the photos are a bit far-fetched
because they're normal,
everyday photos that you can take without
copying anyone.  The same thing happens when it
comes to outfits.  In the end, they are
trends and when something is in fashion and
when these people have a lot of
advisors or they themselves can agree
on taste, it was just missing, right?  Imagine
if I couldn't buy the sweatshirt
that another YouTuber could buy.  But hey, I'm
not going to lie to you, the truth
is that seeing all this together, right?  At
first glance, it's quite shocking, and
if you don't know everything or don't
check it out, you might say, "[ __ ], yeah,
Hailey really has an obsession."  But the
truth is that you have to be a real
dick to eat this beit.  Well, I'm
also telling you, this is assuming
that all the comparisons and all the
dates of that photograph are exactly as they
say in that documentary, because it's
perfectly possible that some of them are not
later or something like that, right?
But as I was saying, it completely falls apart
when we do
the same exercise, but in reverse,
supposing occasions in which Selena
would have copied Justin's wife.
[Music]
And I clarify this ahead of time in case I'm
taken out of context.  I don't think
Selena was copying
Highlight in these images, tattoos,
outfits, and things we're seeing on
screen.  I'm simply telling you that it
would be like that according to that same logic.  Hiley
becomes pregnant with her first baby and
just a couple of weeks later Selena
announces that she is considering adopting
a child.  Even this one could be
considered more shameless, right?  Hay
announces a collaboration between a
donut brand and its makeup brand.  I'd
rather not ask why
a donut brand is collaborating with
a makeup brand.  I can't find the
symbiosis.  and Selena brings out a donut in her
makeup brand.  We also see
similarities in the outfits, almost
similar clothes, well, almost similar.  I would say
some even the same.  We
could also make comparisons of
positions in the photographs, coats that
are, if not the same first cousins,
like the parents of the followers of
some of the people who watch this
channel in makeup bases, they released
mobile phone cases almost at the same time and well, here I will be
leaving you on screen a few
photographs, right?  Obviously,
if we play the same game, we could say
that Selena would be copying Hay,
which I don't think is the case.  Because?
Well, because I think there are things that
are in fashion, surely also
advice from the people who take their
photos, who choose their outfits
many days, simply trends or
why not inspiration from one
another, which could also be the case, but I
am completely sure that we
could do this same exercise
between almost any influencer,
instagrammer, youtuber, model, with the
tattoo theme in the almost 48, oh, 48,
with the tattoo theme in the almost 40 years
that I have, I have lived through a lot of fashions
that became trends in tattoos and
it seemed that they affected us in the
bollicados, the Chinese letters, the
Maori, the elvish letters, careful, the
tribal ones.  So, when it comes to tattoos, I
would say almost the same, right?  Unless
you're very original or have a
good tattoo artist who can give you good advice
and do your custom designs.
Many of us repeat tattoos on each
other.  In fact, that's why it's often
difficult to find a tattoo that no
one else has, so I really think it's a bit of a
joke.  Coincidentally, now
that the networks are burning with Heey,
several jokes have come out for things that
she had posted in the past, such as
a completely
absurd joke in which they try to label her as
racist and xenophobic, taking tweets from the
years 2011, 2012, in which basically she
is probably out of context,
in which she was basically 14 years old and
in which basically even
today it would not be racist, I mean, it's
nonsense.  In one of the tweets, we can
simply see a joke in which he
makes a joke about someone because
apparently the waiter in a Chinese restaurant
wasn't Chinese.  Or this other tweet where he's
supposedly lamenting that
people abroad don't have the same
holidays, which is completely pointless and
completely [ __ ].  There's also
another Instagram post
where she makes a silly face and
comments saying she's
Asian because her eyes look like that in
the silly photo, or a comment
on Instagram where she says I missed you.
Niga.  The word niga has been cancelled
like it was a few years ago.  In fact, I didn't
even know.  Apparently it is an
offensive and racist way of referring to
black people.
Thanos Hold 1  Damn nigas.
I personally have been hearing it
all my life on TV series and in
movies, and I thought it was just something I did as a
friend.  I mean, until recently I did
n't know that was racism.  In fact,
on Twitch, for example,
the word "you're banned from Twist" is prohibited and you
pronounce it.  And I personally, from
Spain, tell you that I didn't know it, that
I had heard
this word all my life, but at the level of colleagues,
rappers.  Or also this other tweet where she
says she left Florida as a white person and
returned to New York as a different
race.  Who knows the context of
this after so many years, but it occurs to me
that it could be that she has made
some trips and that when she left a
state she was white, white like
I am too, right?  But when she
returned to New York she was very
tanned.  It could be something like this.  The typical
joke we've all made, right?
Milk chocolate when you're very
white, when you're very tanned because you
've been to the beach.  [ __ ], man.
So, this is all they could
scrape together.  And you never know what a lot of
research they've done to be
able to fund it with this.  It's true
that it's probably more than obvious that there
's a certain amount of bitterness and resentment or
bitterness between them lately,
especially, although I'm also going to give you
context in this video as to why it will
be there throughout their lives.  And
Selena is also making a lot of
digs at Justin Bieber, who
is her partner, well, her husband, in
fact, right?  It is said that Haley would have been
giving likes, some tweets
against Selena, despite the fact that it is
known that they have always had a certain cordiality
, such as the time when
Haley liked this
Instagram photo in which Selena announced
her engagement to her partner Benny Blanco
or this Instagram story that
Selena uploaded in which Hiley was supposed to have
asked her to please calm down her
fans.  In fact, I would say that Selena
has never sat
still either.  This time she liked a
post that claimed she didn't
gain her fame from Justin Bieber,
that she wasn't famous because of Justin
Bieber.  It's true, it's not true, but
unnecessary in like.  Or a few years ago
at a shooting range he used
this dartboard on which he wrote ex-boyfriend.  And
in these 7 years, Selena has been at
a point where she insinuates that she supports
Justin, that everything is cool, that they maintain a
cordiality, but we have also seen her
giving one of Cali and another of Arena.
Even as in this article, insinuating
in several interviews that she had suffered
emotional abuse, basically mistreatment,
which could be true or could be a
lie, we don't know.  The truth is,
we have to admit that Justin has
had a very difficult time, but
we've never heard his version,
his version of all this.  In
this video, in fact, we're going to see how
toxic
these people's relationship became.  And in turn, in
those same interviews, minutes
later, Selena mocked the fact that she had managed to make
him cry on several
occasions as well.  your relationship
like now with Justin?  I support him.  I
think I always will.  Uh I I get I'm
upset when he's upset.  And I made him
[Music]
cry.  Well, then that makes two of us.
I'm happy when he's happy.  Do you think
you're
close?  I don't I don't want anything
ever to happen to him bad.  It hurts
me like their ex-boyfriend.  Just get
in there and feel real aggressive and
angry.  Definitely helps when you give me
inspiration.  It's working.  Do like to
think I've an ice girl, so bad
things shouldn't happen to be
.  Don't want anything ever to happen
to him bad.  It hurts me.  But that's all.
Every time Selena speaks badly of Justin
or takes a dig at him live, the one that ends up
being Hey, which is the one that's
constantly exposed on the internet, well,
basically she works on the internet, she's
not only an influencer, but she
's also a YouTuber, she uploads videos,
she interacts with people almost every day.  And
in the end, another thing we're going to see in
this video is that Selena has won the battle on social media,
the war on social media, and she
's the one who maintains the
most followers. Well, she's the one who has the
most impact on social media, let's say.
Even every new product Hay releases
is quickly filled with
negative reviews from
Selena fans who try to boycott her
work.  Selena has quite a few followers
.  421 million on
Instagram alone.  421 million followers.   There
are few countries in the world with more
inhabitants than this, but hey, the
reason for making this video is that there are
Selena Gomez fans who believe that
Haley is obsessed with
her husband's teenage ex.  A relationship
that, by the way, has also been
rumored lately due to some posts
Yatim has made on Instagram.  I was always
told not to hate, but that made me
feel like I wasn't allowed to express it,
so I never mentioned it.  made me
feel like I was drowning.  And
there are many people who would have
interpreted it as something for his wife.
Personally, and I think we
already mentioned this phrase in another
video, in the series of videos about Didi
that we have on the channel, which I think
is probably more related to
Didi than to the wife.  In fact, Justin
posted these photos a few days ago
having a good time with friends and
himself.  There was also confusion at Disney
about these posts because even
though she posted these posts about her having a
good time with her partner and friends at
Disneyland, she played a song about
remembering better times, something
like that.  I can't put it here because it
has copy.  Here on the screen
the editor will be saying what song it was, but
anyway, I think it didn't mean anything and they
just liked the tone, what do I
know.  Look, singers often use
music, right?  No, it's not like me, where I
post a story and then I'm
posting a random song that's in
English and I don't even know what it's saying,
but man, singers usually have
their meaning when it comes to posting
music, eh, I'll also tell you, and more so a
singer like Justin Bieber doesn't have a thing about
music like anyone else.  But
anyway, I don't think it meant anything, and if it did, it
's not
against his partner. Otherwise, the post wouldn't make much
sense, to be honest.  But well,
as I was saying, the hatred towards Hailey
Bieber or Hay Baldwin, her
maiden name, is more evident than ever.
Selena Gomez is a
media monster, both in the media
and on social media.  We're talking about the fact
that only
Cristiano and Messi have more followers on Instagram.  Justin
Bieber has almost half as many followers
as her.  And we're talking about the
[ __ ] Justin Bieber and Heiley, his
wife, only 55 million followers.
I mean, these people are titans, right?  But of
course, among these titans,
Selena is a beast.
Notice, I've been snooping around
Hay's YouTube channel a bit, and although he
has some videos that obviously
get millions of views, the
most normal everyday videos do
n't have
crazy views or are very
different from what I, for
example, get.  Selena is always
trending on YouTube.  He's
also currently starring in the
most nominated film at the
Oscars and has a great relationship with the
most popular singers
among young people right now, like K-
poppers.  It's at every
Hollywood event, every
music event, and in commercials for the
biggest brands on the planet.
Her makeup brand is always present on TikTok
.  There are people who say that it is
starting to surpass
Rihanna's brand in popularity.  His current fortune is
valued at over a billion dollars,
while Justin's is at 300
million and Hay's is at 20 million.
Not insignificant.  I also tell you, eh,
I would stay with Hayi's.  What I'm
getting at with this is that Selena is basically
still very up-to-date, she continues to have
lots of new things and lots of
updates, making her have
new followers, always very present
on social media.  Even though she
may have followers who have been there for
over a decade, she's also
gaining new teenage followers
who are getting to know her and
admiring her, something that Justin Bieber already
knows is more withdrawn, more in the
background, and has his fans, who
could perfectly be my honor,
right?  I mean, I'm comparing myself
to Justin Bieber a lot today, watch out, eh.
Watch out for the golden visa already in your wallet,
eh?  No, but seriously, no kidding.   I
mean, Justin has fans and
followers who are already in their 30s,
right?  Right now, he's not getting
a new audience that's starting to
follow him, and that's because of everything that's
happened in recent years.  Hey, I hope she
has a new golden age at
some point, but what I
want to tell you and where I'm going with this
point is that Selena has won the battle on social media
.  Although, well, we're
not going to forget that Selena
is also getting some fun out
there.  In fact, she's been criticized
a lot by Latin Americans and
Spanish-speaking people for her poor
Spanish acting in Emilia
Prez's film, despite the fact that she always
boasts about her Latin roots, that she
feels deeply rooted in them, and that she doesn't
even have enough to eat.  He cut my wool,
turned off the tap, no
card works, all my cards are
blocked.  And his
Mexican followers felt offended and
ridiculed by this poor
interpretation of Spanish in a
anything but Mexican accent.  There are many
followers who use this
marketing like "I am Latino, Latinos around
the world." It's something that moves a lot, and
the Latin American audience is very
broad, very large.  Something
similar happened to Jennifer Lopez,
I'm so Latina and then when she received an
award she wasn't able to
say "mi gente Latina" (my Latin people), but she made a
mistake and said "mi gente Latino" (my Latino people).
My Latin people
for their support always, for all their love,
for everything.  Thank you.  Let me
tell you, I'm more of a Lena Ortega fan than
that girl with Puerto Rican
and Mexican parents.  He was able to become independent of this
letter that gives so much visibility to ay,
I am of Latin origin.  After
her manager also exploited it well
to make her grow and put her on the
map.  And Lena, despite being
proud of her roots, has stated that it
's not like she's anyone to
represent Latinos, because she doesn't
even speak Spanish well.  I
invite you to watch the premiere of Merlina on
Netflix,
the premiere of Merlina on
Netflix.  On Netflix.  I invite you to watch the
premiere of Merlina on Netflix.
The premiere of Merlina on Netflix.
Wow, but this whole thing about using the letter
because you're Latino, it really
provides lore for another video if
you want it another day.  But Selena's case
, very pathetic.  I mean, I remember
recently that
video of her crying about Donald
Trump, claiming that they were killing
her people, went viral.  A video that he later deleted because
people demanded that he make the
same statement on the Gasa issue and he didn't
want to get involved
.  I don't
understand.  I just want to say that I'm
so
sorry.  All people are getting
attacked
children don't
understand.  I'm so sorry.  I wish I could
do something, but I can't.  I don't know
what to do.
historical farce, huh?  I mean,
historical nonsense.  I mean, the idea was that they
were kicking out Mexicans who were
entering the United States without
papers, and it's not like they were
burning them at the stake or anything
like that.  In other words, they were simply being
sent back to their country because they were
illegal.  There was no reason to raise
such a fuss other than that
Donald Trump is not very well regarded in Hollywood.  You have to
be very progressive, right?  It
must also be said that part of the pique there is
between the two, or at least between
Selena's fans and Hiley and why
they remember Justin so much, is because they
don't have a very good approval rating, they don't
look kindly on the partner
Selena is engaged to.  But
going back a bit to the topic of roots,
the truth is that Selena has, and
this must be recognized, some
qualities that Hey doesn't have.  That's
also why there's the issue of him winning the
media and fan war
.  In the end, Selena has a lot of
talent, a lot of charisma.  From a very
young age, she stood out in all those
castings that made her become the
star she
became.  Oh, wait.  Do I start my line?
I hideous blue poncho and me and my
friend like to play around like Selena.
We're watching Disney channel.
On the other hand, the context of Henley is
very different.  He comes from a family that
already has a well-known surname, the
Balbwins.  Well-known and controversial.
Controversial and hated.  In fact, her sister
has been involved in several
bar fights for which she has been reported
for assault.  His father, Stephen
Baldwin, is quite obsessed with the
Christian religion.  He frequently makes
unfortunate comments on
social media, and if that weren't enough, his
acting career has been a failure,
leading to his bankruptcy in 2008. He
's also a big follower of
Donald Trump, something that, as you know, isn't exactly well-regarded in
elite circles, in the upper echelons.  Let's just
say he's quite
unpopular, not to mention the scandal
his uncle Alex Baldwin had in recent years
, which we've been discussing here
on this channel. He was recently
acquitted, but he was
indicted for years for that alleged
involuntary manslaughter, which in the end, of
course, I think was an accident
from the start, but anyway, it adds
another controversy.  And then there's what I
was mentioning to you a few minutes ago.
Alex Baldwin's wife had a
spectacular controversy because she was
super-obsessed with Spain.  She spent a
decade pretending to be of
Spanish origin, and in the end it simply turned out that she
only had family in Spain
whom she came to visit from time to time,
but she loved Spain so much and
became so obsessed with the country that she
began to say that she was of
Spanish origin, not only speaking Spanish,
but even speaking English, her
native language, with a Spanish accent.  Yes,
but I'm fine.  Yes, tired, dizzy,
but I'm fine.  No, I'm almost
three months old, so I'm at that
stage, but well and super happy.  I
love being a mom, I love being with
them.  We are with them all the time,
but oh well.  I would tell you that
the Baldwin family is very crazy, but the truth is that
all these Hollywood people are crazy
.  Thank goodness
we're quiet on YouTube,
everyone's also crazy
.  The only thing Hey was good at
when she was little, well, since she was
little, was ballet, but she
had to give it up because of an injury.
[Music]
So with all due respect
, but in terms of talent,
charisma, professional success, it's
evident that we're talking about
a titan versus a person who's a little more,
well, not normal either, but
evidently there's no comparison.  She wasn't
born to be a star like her
husband Justin Bieber or Selena
Gomez.  I also wanted to comment a little
on
Heiley's obsession and staking before she met
her husband, Justin Bieber, and
their whole story, what it was like.  Although this
video is going to be long, I'll try to
summarize it a bit.  If you want, all of you
who are watching this video and are hitting
the like button a lot, sharing it, and I
notice it and put it in the comments box a lot
, I'll make a separate video
with their whole story.  The
relationship between Selena and Justin Bieber
was very intermittent
throughout all the years they
were together, but it's also true that
Hey's relationship with him was a little strange.  It's
the typical relationship of a fan who
manages to be with her crash, with her
lifelong crash in fact.  It
reminds me a bit of Elena Tablada with
David Vival or even it is said that Kate
Middleton had a poster of Prince
Harry in her room when she was a girl,
when she was a teenager.  In late
2008, Justin Bieber began uploading
his covers to his YouTube channel until
2009, when he was discovered by Scott Brown, his
former manager, with whom he had a lot of
controversies.  Not only did
Justin Bieber's fame explode, but
YouTube exploded as well.  I would even dare
to say, and I have done so in other
previous videos, that YouTube would not be the
same, it would not have been the same as
YouTubers are today, and it would not have
been for Justin Bieber.  In 2009,
at the beginning of his fame, Justin gave an
interview on the To Show,
in addition to a performance where Stephen
Baldwin used his connections to
take his daughter to give Justin a gift
and introduce him to him.  At that
time, Heiley was only 12
[Music]
years old.  Yeah, we've been enjoying music.
Thank you.  I
[Music]
think I could have been manually.  Hey
man, what's your name?
[Applause]
[Music]
Notice the moment when Justin
looks at Hiley and smiles.  Who would have
told him at that moment that the girl he
was smiling at would become
his wife and the mother
of his child many years later?
Despite this, at that moment young
Justin had a lapse in memory, remembering that,
well, he was grateful, wasn't he?  And
glad to have met Stephen
Balgwin and his son too.  Yes, he was
wrong.  I don't know if it was because he didn't notice
her or simply because it was a
momentary lapse and he made a mistake when he said son
instead of daughter.  Steven Baldol.
At some point, Hailey has commented in
an interview that at that time,
at 12 years old, she was not a fan of Justin Bieber,
that she did not listen to any singer and that although
she was 12 and with the
age difference of him being 15, she simply
thought it was cute.  He didn't listen to her music,
but he thought it was nice.  It seems to me
that she probably got the father to
take her to meet him, because he
probably loved him.  And
from that moment on, Heiley
became a fan who came to meet Justin every chance she got
.  By
2019, Selena, who was already 17 years old,
since she is two years older than Justin and six years
older than Hiley, had landed her
first role in the Wizards of Weeverly
Play, a series that surely sounds familiar to you,
well, a series they call it a Sitcom, which is
like a series but with
very short episodes and comedic plots, since
she had been auditioning for
Disney Channel since 2004.
waiting for you in Cleveland waiting to buy
some of your what is
you had an opportunity to do two pilots
that each had a role for a lovely
met Justin Bieber in 2010
through her representatives and by the
beginning of 2011 they began dating
despite the fact that Justin was her crash for those
who don't know what crash is, I'm going to
translate it for the language of grandparents
like me.  A crash is, well, I'll
find the best definition, okay?  I'm not
going to go crazy, because I
often get carried away with these words
, the word crash has
several meanings, you see?  A
crash is a feeling of
romantic or emotional attraction toward another person.   It
is a crush or infatuation with
someone.  Basically, it's like your
lifelong crush.  Well, even
though she had that clash with
Justin Bieber, Heiley also shipped
Justin with Selena.  I'm not going to explain
what the word "chipea" means; you can put it
in the comments box.
Healey, despite being the daughter of
a famous family, didn't really see Justin
as someone attainable.  As you can
see in these images, she would go
every time Justin had something in New
York, which is the city where she lives,
well, where she lived, like any other
fan among fans, when he had
conocol events, well, her father would
take her, she would take pictures with him and all that
stuff.  She's basically a fanatic.  In
fact, there's even this tweet
claiming that Justin and Selena were the
perfect couple.  She's beyond
perfect and he's, you know, Bieber.  They're
the perfect relationship, forever alone,
aren't they?  This is joking that, well, they've
taken her Crash away, her Crash already
has a partner, so she
'll be alone.  In the following years,
apart from her fanaticism for Justin, she
also dabbled in modeling, where she
became very good friends with the younger
Kardashians, especially Kayy and
Kendall, with whom she went out partying
every time they visited New York,
which as I mentioned before, was
the city where she lived.  While
Hailey was living the life of a fan, Justin was
suffering the consequences of fame, being
manipulated by Didi and all those
stories we've discussed many
times on this channel, which is
a very crazy life for the kid.  His
relationship with Selena was quite
intermittent, almost every year they
broke up and got back together.  In fact, some of
the reconciliations lasted for days.
Well, I would dare say some,
even hours.  I'm going to give you a brief summary of
Heiley's story with Justin,
while his relationship with Selena was
intermittent, but as I've told you, if you
ask me insistently and this video
is successful, I'll consider doing a more
extensive version in a separate video.  But well, we
could say that for me Heiley
has worked quite hard.  She's a person who
is deeply in love with
Justin and Justin knows he has her there.
Justin's been picking flowers and
having it like there, right?  Taking it
even to the point of friendship, completely to
friendship.  And she was always there, the
shoulder to cry on when he was alone,
to have a good time, for his
confessions.  You know that typical guy
who always grabs your forehead when
you're drunk at the club, throwing up
in the bathroom, and then shares your hangover with you?  No,
well that's the guy.  That friend is
Hailey Bieber.  She's been there for
Justin, the person who's never let him down
.  And Justin has been
making fun of her, practically
using her until he finally
ended up with her.  On the one hand,
Heiley was very good friends with the
younger Kardacias, as I mentioned, Kendal and
Kaley, but on the other hand, Selena Gomez
and Kendal were also very good friends.  Here you
can see some photographs of
Patdadi's son's birthday.  On one occasion, the Kardashians
went with Selena to Coachella 2014, where
Justin was performing, with whom Selena had
broken up and they were fighting at the
time.  Well, during Coachella they
reconciled, they got back together,
but be careful.  That night, Selena takes
Justin's phone and discovers that
Justin has been flirting with one of
the Cardas who was supposed to be
her friend, specifically Kayy Jenner.
Pretty hot messages, you know.
And there Selena breaks off her relationship with the
Kardashians.  In fact, well, I
'll be putting it on the screen here.  I tell you,
this is much longer.
Photos of Selena smoking weird stuff have been leaked.  It is
said that the
Kardashians did it to her.  They had this war.
Selena, in turn, while having
these breakups with Justin, occasionally went out
with actor Orlando
Bloom, which also led to a
fistfight with Justin at a nightclub
.
Justin started dating Kendal on
several occasions to make
Selena jealous.  They even uploaded photographs like the one you
are seeing on the screen.  In the
middle he got back with Selena, but then they were
seen
fighting.  This particular fight at the
airport was a sort of
attempted reconciliation vacation
in the Caribbean that obviously went
sour with the fight.  So
Justin went with Kendall to dinner in
Paris and meanwhile, Selena, who
had returned to Los Angeles, met up
with Kendall's mother and posted a
photo with her.  He also posted this
tweet that says, "Sometimes we have to
learn the hard way."  Days later
Justin uploads this photo with Selena
saying, "We're done."  But not.
Justin's relationship with Kendall
never became clear either.  It was like a,
well, I don't understand it because it was
like a girl who had sex to make
Selena jealous.  The girl agreed because
they had also had this thing and
the bad vibes with Serena, who in
turn, since they were also friends with
Hailey, sometimes tried to get
Justin and Hailey to meet, right?, so
that love would emerge.  The thing is,
Hailey was still 17.  They were
in places like the church or in some
places like, imagine the typical
arcades where
kids go, right?  But then Justin went
to these clubs, the parties he
threw, things that are also
normal at an age, right?  And then the
relationship never really took shape, never
emerged as such.
We have just stayed close and there's
nothing more to it than that.  We did
this little party trick where I opened a
Corona bottle with my tea and the next
morning after the interview had aired, I
got a certain phone call from a certain
someone and it was a little like, "Hey, how are
you? I saw you on Jimmy Found
last night. You were looking really
good. I loved that trick that you did. I had
no idea that you can do that. It was
so cool. Cut to I'm now married to that certain
someone. So
[Applause]
By the way, I was at
Jimmy Fallon's studios on my New Year's trip
to New York. I recommend you check out
the blog I made in New York.
The editor will be posting it here on the cards
, if we don't forget.
Meanwhile, Selena Gomez sometimes
caused drama, like at her
best friend Taylor Switch's birthday party, when she started
yelling, "Nobody understands me, not even my boyfriend
understands me." To which Justin
responded by uploading this photo with
Heiley in an Instagram post where he
clarified, "People are crazy, I'm
single and she's just  My friend, if you did
n't know, sending Heley to the
friendson fresned more than ever." And she
did this constantly, eh?  I
mean, in fact, he kind of gave her
life, he kind of flirted with her,
he gave her hope that he later took away
because he was still hooked on Selena, the
toxic relationship he had with Selena.
For example, Heiley posted this
photo with a guy
giving her a kiss on the cheek, but in a
romantic way, and Justin
commented, "Get off her,
baby."  She ended up deleting the
photo, it is not known if so as not to
get hate on the boy or to please
Justin, until one day the
paparazzi, this is where
strong rumors begin to spread that she is not so
cool, but that
something seems to be happening here.  And the paparazzi
catch them sleeping together.  Well, they had
spent the night together, it's understood that they
slept, or maybe not, after
a date at the cinema.  In fact, she kind
of put up a post that denied
that, but basically what she was
doing was giving the
post a piece of paper.  I'm glad I slept so
well last night at home alone.  Look, I
imagine they basically [ __ ].
They [ __ ] that night, didn't they?  What a
made-up edge, huh?  I mean, they had a night
of romantic passion, damn, they got
married.  Basically it's the typical one that
she was completely in love with him.  He gives her
a bit of good and a bit of bad, which only makes her
more hooked.  And she obviously
wanted the paparazzi to catch him, I
mean, she was happy and she
basically wanted it to leak, for them to be
together, she was looking forward to it.  On the other hand,
the Kardashians, who had that enmity
with Selena, were trying to do
everything possible to separate her from Justin
and reunite him with
Heiley.  Oh my god.
[Music]
Brother, although as I was telling you,
Justin only saw her as a friend or that
's the slap he gave her from time to
time.  Look, here she posts this
photo with a friend.  Justin puts
this comment, "Your friends are very
sexy."  Ha ha.  To which he then
writes again in the comments box and
says, "But you too."  the two of them, of course
, well, don't get angry, they didn't have a
basically flirtatious, romantic relationship,
I think he used her, I mean, I've
seen these situations in teenagers
a lot of times when
things aren't clear to you and well, in the end he
ended up with the one who's always been
there, right?  With the one who is
my soulmate.
Of course, you know, any male of
his, you know, again in his place, any
girl that's around them, they always
automatically assume.
When she got older, she
started going with him to parties, although it's
true that she would leave first and
he would stay and things would happen with other
women, which was quite strange.  There's a
moment when a controversy also goes viral
because she likes this
tweet that you're seeing on screen that
says that if you like it, then you don't
find it sexy, Selena.  The truth is, we have to
say that at this point Selena
wasn't messing with her publicly, but
well, I understand what happened
happened.
Okay, excellent.  He also had
his ups and downs with Heiley, I understand, and these
are my conclusions, that it
's not as if they sometimes got
angry and stayed apart for months because of the playfulness
.  There was a moment where
Haley started retweeting weird things
that, well, I'll be putting on your
screen too, right?  Kendall
took her to Coachela in 2015 to get her
and Justin together and it went very wrong because Justin
left that night with a model
leaving Heiley crying and
Kendall getting angry at Justin for what he had
done.  Then, after 8
months of breaking up, Justin gets back together with
Selena.
Specifically, this reconciliation lasted
two days and the day after that
breakup he took Heiley out to eat a
sandwich in Los Angeles at a
restaurant, publishing this photograph,
the only one that is unmatched, Hay Balwin, months
later, pay attention, eh, don't get confused, months
later he gets back with Selena.  Hey tweet
this.  The devil is working
overtime today.  What a mess.  Which
was obviously right because it
ended very badly again.  Although well, not so
fast.  This time we have to
say that Justin and Selena lasted 2
[Applause]
months.  After this video you
saw of Justin breaking down at the
Video Music Awards, Hayi helped him
recover by being with him, going on
vacation together to Milan
so he could recover, and then the
following month, watch out for the bastard, he
ditched her on her birthday to
go off with Selena.
But what happened?  This was
a complete humiliation for me.  I mean, in
fact, there are images of Hey on the verge of
tears.  Her own friend Kendal Jenner
sent her these cakes the next day
that basically said, "[ __ ]
him."  Take a look at the post
Hey liked that day.  But girl, you
weren't already getting it.  Let's
see, this is like Temptation Island
.  The first time you cheat on yourself
, poor thing.  The second one,
damn, poor thing, he's
fallen again.  The third time, it's your fault.
[ __ ] you.  Evidently, a couple of
days after this, Selena and Justin broke
up again.  Selena was seen
kissing this guy here in the
photo and started dating this
Kardashian Kurni, who never
really understood this relationship because they didn't fit together
, until she finally
reconciled with Haley again,
taking her on vacation with her
family.  At the end of the year, on
vacation with Justin's family,
Hayley published this photograph, which she later
deleted.  It was never clarified why he deleted it.   It is
unknown whether he asked her to
delete it or she regretted it.  And on
January 3, 2016, Justin published this
photograph for the first time making
public a kiss on the mouth with someone
after the breakup with Selena Gomez.
This was the first kiss on the mouth that
Justin was seen having, which was not with Selena.
Days later, Justin says he loves Selena
and is worried that she is
dating someone.  Justin and Haley
agree to have an open relationship,
which also ends badly.
It wasn't a surprise to me.  I knew it was
coming out.  We are not
exclusive.  Um, he's about to go on tour.
And what I really think is
that he did want an open relationship,
but she didn't want an open relationship
with him.  Justin goes on tour and starts
dating a bunch of models,
hooking up with a bunch of girls.   This
whole complicated period begins
where Justin is put in jail and
has drug problems.  At that
time, Selena started dating The
Weekend, but she ended up breaking up with The
Weekend also because of Justin.  And they
catch Justin and Selena having breakfast
together.  What a [ __ ] crazy, on-again, off-
again, non-toxic relationship.   There
comes a time when even
Selena's family forbids her to get back with
Justin, which doesn't help either because
they reconcile.  This time
lasting 4 months.  After this breakup,
Justin tries to look for her again, well, he
looks for Heiley directly, but
Heiley has a partner, he tells him no, I've
made my life, but no, his rejection was not very
firm.  Justin got
Hay to leave her boyfriend, who is this guy you
're seeing on screen, the actor
Sau Mndez.  It was evidently revealed that
Justin was responsible for the breakup,
as he somehow convinced her to
go on vacation with him.
Well, I don't think it
took much to convince her, to be honest.  And this
time yes, since that moment they have been, well, they have been
together for 7 or 8 years, right?  Since
then they have not separated.  I have to
tell you that the reality of
Justin's relationship with Hay Lley is that it is not at
all comparable to the one he had with
Selena.  It's true that he did when he was
young, because he was
hooked on the Selena thing and
played a lot with Healey, but Healey
changed him, she took care of him in his worst
moments.
You weren't so hot, I would have got rid
of you a long time
ago.  We were working alongside doctors
leading up to the tour to make sure
that, you know, he was doing everything
necessary and safe for that and we'll
just keep doing that.  It definitely is,
you know, like it sucks that the tour
was she was asking me,
[Music]
and I would honestly dare to say
that Heley has been largely responsible for Justin's change
after his problems
.  No major controversy in
all these years.  Selena and Jatin
even went through therapy during all the freebies they had
.  After the
therapies they resurfaced with an album
dedicated to him and the breakup.  Obviously
things like this, like this album that
Selena released, revived the hate and
Haley was always the main target of
Selena's fans, since they took
the songs that
their favorite artist sang personally.  This on one occasion
in 2020 made Justin explode
against this hate.  Why would I dedicate my
entire life to someone in marriage to get
my ex back?  I loved and love Selena.   She will
always have a place in my heart,
but I am madly in love with my
wife and she is absolutely the best thing that has ever
happened to me.
[Music]
So conclusions, I don't know what
you think, but I think the bad guy in the
story has never been Heiley.  In
fact, I think she's been very good, I
mean, she's been very good to
both of them.  He has even tried to maintain a
cordial relationship with his partner's ex,
despite the disagreements that exist
, but for me, as a couple, he has
endured a lot.  What do
you think?  I'll be reading your
comments box.  What I said, okay?  If you
like these types of videos, let me know
because the truth is that they are very
long videos that take a lot of work, and I don't know
if you are interested in this topic.  The truth is
that every time I discuss this lore you all
really like it, so I think you'll
like it, but I'll still be on the
lookout.  A kiss, family, until the
next video.  No.
[Music]